I bought this when I bought the pop maker.
As for "pop embellishing" well, that wasn't too hard to figure out, either.
I'd save the money and spend it instead on extra pop sticks, which seem to disappear the way socks do.
didn't really care many of the cakes at all.
not up to normal standing for wilton yearbooks of the past.
Buy a Wilton magazine for less money and get more ideas and instructions for your investment.
Bag tore with almost nothing in it - Just caught the corner of a small cracker box and that was that.
This machine is exactly what the name says it is - a speller.
I wanted definitions, OH, that would be a dictionary! I ordered a dictionary an I am happy - except the voice is scratchy.
If you type the wrong word in, it &#34;might&#34; produce the correct word.
It doesn't give any explanation of the meaning or how it can be used.
I should have sent it bk., but I factored in the cost of return shipping - wasn't worth the return.
It's basically just a coat hanger with two plastic guides.
The only thing it has going for it is portability.
It can only hold regular sized hard covered books.
Forget about any size paperback, it will not work.
Even hard cover books are nearly impossible to align correctly and they slip and slump in all kinds of odd positions.
I tried with over 10 textbooks and it didn't do well with any of them.
For home reading I'm going to buy and suggest you buy a more substantial stand.
The quality of the product is low, the paint is uneven and the bottom of the cup is cheeped.
Neither of them are true &#34;teaspoon&#34; size spoons.
The flatware is very thin so the knife really has no cutting power (even for a butter knife) behind it.
HOWEVER, for the price I paid, I can't expect anything else.
They are pretty stylish at a glance but if you're looking to do anything that requires a durable utensil, this isn't the one you want.
Also look carefully at the fork and knife, they are shaped quite differently than a regular set.
The fork also bends pretty easily which is not good when trying to eat a steak.
The spoons are also very disproportionate if you look at the little spoon it is way smaller than it appears in the picture.
I hate to say it but I was not impressed with Ikea in this case.
I had to buy a whole new set to replace this one.
While this is a cute tin box (and I used it to hold mini-muffins at at baby shower), it isn't meant to be used.
Would look cute as a decoration in a baby's room or to hold all those crayon's for an older child.
[Tried onions, tomatoes, celery, olives, nuts, and many other items.]  Tried 2, 4, and 8-oz loads.
but who needs that?This will be the last Cuisinart product I'll buy; their griddler, blender, and ice cream maker are poorly engineered too.
This is okay for chopping cilantro, but does not puree very well.
I my mind it does not live up to the Cuisinart name.
My original mini prep had a sharp blade, not a serrated blade.
I got years of use out of it, and I wouldn't have replaced it but my husband mistakenly through the lid out in the trash.
This one is only so so, and food gets caught in the teeth of the serrated blade.
This was a replacement for a Krupps processor and I only used it 3 times.
I had to buy a Phillips to replace it.
It's so small (of course) and it's really only good for nuts.
I have Black & Decker that does a better job.
My big Cuisinart broke so I thought for a small size it would be good.
Did not even crush wet beans or move it to the top as said.
It was to late for me to return it.
This is my very first mini processor, i was so excited to get it for making baby puree.
Its a good size for that purpose,small enough i can leave it on the counter top.
However, i am disappointed after my first try.
i dont know what im doing wrong, if anyone has any suggestions - feel free to help me out.
Well, it worked for 10 seconds and then died.
The blade mechanism on this chopper is extremely difficult to remove or adjust.
I can't imagine how someone with large fingers would manage.
There's nothing I can do in this thing that I can't do better and more easily with my hand-held blender.
Save your money AND your fingers!  Steer clear of this thing!.
I bought both and the Cusinart turned an onion into mush.
When i tried to just pulse it the pieces were very inconsistant, so I pulsed a littlemore and it turned it to mush.
I had to chop garlic the Ninja chopped it up perfectly.
Its more money than the mini cusinart but its a muchbetter unit.
This thing will likely liquify them too....not a great product.
I got one about 2 or 3 weeks ago and I'm sending it back.
I have put no more than 1/2 cup at a time, of nuts, pieces of cut up carrots, etc.
I had read a review, that said the Cuisinart was as good as the KitchenAid mini.
it leaked out in drops thrown all around the processor on the counter.
And yes the top was on correctly and the chopping blade was on properly.
So when you read a review that sounds like a paid ad for the product.
(which was not disclosed on the technical information).
Unwilling to give up in spite of failed attempts, I added my berries, and applesauce.
The wide shortened new shape looks great, but somehow doesn't work as well as the narrow original shape of the blending jars.
I was very disappointed in the blender, but more in Cusinart, a brand I have trusted for years who makes the best food processor imaginable.
I'm refurbishing my Waring blender with new parts, at least I know it works well.
For this money I didn't expect the glue under the button names to peel up within a week.
and I certainly didn't expect the base to cause messy leaks despite repeatedly replacing the gaskets.
And now, after less than two years the motor has burned out! Shame on you Cuisinart!.
Then they started manufacturing this mess that they call a blender.
There is now a black residue around the black whirly thing on the base.
Cuisinart take note-I AM NOT BUYING CUISINART PRODUCTS AGAIN.
I would venture to guess others feel the same.
I'm happy that some folks had a good experience with this "blender" but I am not one of them.
First of all, my unit was factory refurbished, so had no warranty.
It smoked on the first use and died on the second.
I ordered an oster blender and it's been working fine ever since.
two or three years, never a problem.But I won't stop there.
I'm an electrical engineer and have been involved with designing and building all sorts of things through my life.
but this takes the cake for poor design and unsafe practices.
The motor is mounted using a paper (not plastic, not cardboard) tube that fits into a plastic ridge at the top.
it won't pour without slopping down the front and all over the table.This is junk and shame shame on you cuisinart.
I'm sure they bought it from someone else because they would NEVER have designed something this badly.
It works great at crushing ice and other items.
Works to chop up and blend items, but the motor noise alone has forced me to stop using it.
With each use, the noise is louder and so irritating.
I am extremely disappointed that I can't use the processor portion of it.
As much as I love the blender, I can't recommend the purchase because you won't be able to use the processor without ear plugs.
This blender sucks! It does not work!  Everything just sits there and I have to use a spoon every few seconds to mix it up.
DO NOT BUY THIS BLENDER! It will save you time and a headache you if buy a different one.
i've been disappointed in this brand name before, but this unblender surpasses even their worst.
This blender replaced a Sunbeam I had for 30 years.
The jar is oversized and supported by small blades placed in a small opening at the base of vessel, isolated from the mass inside.
After operating the motor for more than a few moments it begins to emit a strong burning smell.
The plastic drive assembly for the blades snapped off in the first week of use.
I would not recommend this blender, there are better choices.
The cup is just frustration if you're trying to make smoothies.
Way better and actually quieter because of the sturdy base.
I probably used this blender only around 10 times over the past year, and now its broken.Do not buy.
This blender is unreliable and does not work well for smoothies (our main use for a blender).
When the cutter assembly broke (after ~20 uses) I contacted Cuisinart about a warranty replacement.
the replacement part had no warranty).If we could rate a company / brand here as well I would give one star to Cuisinart (i.e.
Conair) for their shoddy product quality and poor customer service.
It's made of a hard plastic and not a softer plastic that has some give to it as many other blenders do.
This is definitely not something I would expect from Cuisinart.
Macy had these for $39.99 so I bought three.
Unreliable and hard to clean.I took full advantage of the warrantee on this coffeemaker.
With a only 6 months of service, the grind mechanism bound and couldn't be removed.
Cuisinart replaced under the warrantee (I did have to pay shipping charges!) Less than a year later a repeat performance.
Again, I paid shipping and Cuisinart replaced the machine.
We have had this model for over a year and, while it does make good coffee, it is SUCH a pain to clean.
You have to remove the entire grinding/ filter mechanism each and every time coffee is made.
If I had it to do over again I'd spend the extra money and buy the Capresso machine.
My mother has the Capresso and it's much better!.
This coffee maker makes good coffee, but all the little parts, which don't fit together quite right will make you crazy.
The basket is large and over time became more difficult to remove.
After a few months, I couldn't get it out, even with a pliers.
Also after a couple of months the automatic drip control broke off, when trying to remove the basket.
I emailed the vendor several times more repair or a replacement part...no response.
Now that the machine hasn't been cleaned properly for a few months the coffee doesn't taste that good.
The machine also "beeps" at you a lot....like I need one more complaint!  Good coffee, but needs design tweaks and customer service improvement.
I purchased this Cuisinart coffee maker with the idea that I could save time having a machine that could both grind and brew.
I followed the directions enclosed with this machine and found that it produced a weak, pallid cup of coffee.
Ok, so no problem I just added more coffee beans and less water and so on and so on.
In fact I'm going to repack it and give it to my hateful brother for Christmas.
The design is such that you do not get maximum taste from the coffee beans.
A chore to clean, plus mine broke about a year after I bought it.In a way, I am glad.
I got a Melitta coffeemaker to replace it  and the coffee tastes much better!.
I really wanted to love this ice cream maker.
I was Somersizing and wanted to use the all natural ice cream mixes that went along with the diet.
I could get my ice cream to freeze- that wasn't a problem.
It was like wonderful soft serve in the middle of the bowl.
However, all along the edges of the bowl it was frozen rock solid and NOTHING was going to remove the ice cream from around it.
The ring of rock hard ice cream wasn't just a small skim, it was a substantial amount.
Sadly, this has spent more time hidden in the depths of my cabinets than being used.
Because the machine is out of warranty, I had to order the part's replacement at my own expense.
I bought this from a local retailer since it was the only one in stock, and was so disappointed I returned it.
It was so hard it was the impossible to get out of the bowl.
I'm going to try again but seriously thinking of sending it back.
The suffering from having to hear it, the dissatisfaction with the end result has put me off making my own ice cream.
I just don't see ice cream as a part of my family's diet to the extent that owning this machine is warranted.
At the end of the 25-30 minutes, still just totally liquid sweetened half-and-half.
I've tried about 6 times with different ingredients, chilling it all, adding flavorings and sweeteners only at the end.
What a disappointment!  On the plus side, I've found I can salvage the ingredients in two ways.
First and simplest, just pour it into popsicle molds and freeze those.
Not creamy in texture, but still a nice frozen treat.
The other method I learned at our local children's science museum.
Put the cream mix into a zip-loc bag.
Tak another large zip-loc bag and put in a couple dozen ice cubes, and 1/3 cup of salt--just regular table salt works totally fine.
Put the yummy bag into the bag of ice.
Now shake it for about 10 minutes, until it turns into ice cream.
If you wish, you can use a pair of legging-type pants for a convenient shaker.
Turn the pants half-way inside out, so that one leg is inside the other.
Put the double bag into the middle of the leg, grab both ends and shake.
Check to see how it's coming along every 5 minutes or so.
Once it's frozen, open the salt-water bag, take out the ice cream bag and give it a quick rinse to wash away the salt.
I got this ice cream maker primarily to make sorbets and the occasional batch of ice cream.
My first attempt was a Quince sorbet from "The Sweet Life" cookbook.
I pretty much followed the recipe instructions to the letter.
I poured the chilled quince mixture into the frozen bowl with the machine running.
After about 20 minutes of churning, the ice cream started to firm up.
But it never got past the soupy slush stage.
The ice cream was thicker but still a soupy mess.
A soupy half-frozen mess.I have lost faith in this machine.
I still think the best and most reliable way to make ice cream is with one of those old style churns.
I just don't think this thing gets cold enough.
If you want a frustrating failed experience trying to make ice cream, buy this ICE-20.
The most critical part, the paddle, is made of pure junk plastic.
Yes, in theory, it can make ice cream, but not the ice cream that's worth the time and effort.
I consistently got batches of ice cream that were "icy." NO, this was not a temperature problem.
I would chill my custard for well over a day, and I would leave the bowl in the freezer for weeks.
So, if you're looking for an ice cream that will not knock your socks off, this is not the machine.
If you want something that will make quick "icy" ice cream, then this is your machine.
You're better off with the old ice and rock salt ice cram makers; at least those machines can make ice cream that's smooth.
I expect better from them; the paddle design seems to be the crux of the problem.
The paddle doesn't adequately scrap the sides of the bowl.
Also, I can't believe how many people have actually said they liked this thing.
Soft serve at best is what this unit does.
The freezer container was kept at 0 degrees for &#62;24 hours.
The mix was kept in the frid for 6 hours to hopefully assist in keeping things cold.
The unit works well and within 15 minutes I had a nice batch of soft serve.
However all the unit does is save you the trouble of mixing the batch by hand.
I think Ice Cream means it shouldn't flow out of the container until it melts.
I can deal with hand mixing from now on and placing the batch in the freezer and waiting.
I would not recommend buying this ice cream maker.
It is made entirely out of cheap plastic and the motor sounds like a dentist drill.
It will take 8-10 hours for it to harden.
You can use the following recipe to start:10 oz plain frozen strawberries (slightly thawed)1/2 cup sugar10 oz heavy whipping creamPuree the strawberries and sugar.
Mix in the whipping cream with the other ingredients for about 2 minutes or until the whipping cream thickens.
Pour into a plastic container and place in the freezer.
You may wish to stir the mixture every 2 hours so that it hardens more quickly.
All you need to know is that mine broke the first time I used it.
The cheap plastic paddle broke on the first batch of strawberry ice cream.
I am now upgrading to a Lelo.If I had it all to do over again, I would never have bought this!.
I purchased the CIM-22PC (a similar model) from Costco.
Be aware that key plastic parts (the lid and mixing arm) are not dishwasher safe.
In our case, they warped in the dishwasher and rendered the entire machine unusable.
After just over a week my unit began to make a clicking noise like a moving part was hitting something.
The back on all these also gets quite hot.
I have used these timers since February (now April) on a daily basis.
Sometimes the little mechanical/plastic tabs do not turn the lights on or off.
If you need your timer to reliably work, order a digital timer that is not mechanically based.
The timer clock which is supposed to rotate as a clock normally would did not turn at all.Obviously defective.
What a pain to have to return now at my expense.
By something else from someone else and stay away from this one.
In reading other reviews a number of people have mentioned this as a &#34;whole house&#34; fan.
They must live in a trailer because this doesn't even circulate enough air to make much of a difference in my 400sqft living room.
I have never in my life seen such a poorly constructed item.
the electric cord is so short that you need an extension cord.
I was searching for an in-window fan to turn on when I'm cooking smelly foods, when people smoke in the place, etc.
I decided to try this one but it's not right for my intended use.
This is designed to be more permanently mounted with screws/brackets, is giant, and moves a TON of air.
It will pull a major vacuum and requires an open window or door.
When it's off, the screen/gaps are so large taht bugs can just fly right in the house etc.
Perhaps I should have done more research before purchasing it, but hopefully this helps anyone else in my position who's in the market.
I bought this only to make apple sauce.
