My daughter wanted this book and the price on Amazon was the best.
She has already tried one recipe a day after receiving the book.
I bought this zoku quick pop for my daughterr with her zoku quick maker.
She loves it and have fun to make her own ice cream.
I was hoping there were more where those came from.
This book emphasizes very sweet dessert pops, however.
There are 41 recipes in total, only 13 of which are fruit pops.
There is a "Fresh and Fruity" chapter, followed by three chapters of dessert pops entitled "I Scream for Quick Pops!", "Bake Shop", and  "Coco Loco".
As you might guess from the last one, there are 15 pop recipes that contain chocolate.Chapters on "Tips" and "Techniques" are useful.
There is more detailed information about ingredients that don't freeze well in the Zoku than is found in the instruction manual.
The pages about core pops are especially helpful, as they include recipes for pink, purple, and orange outer layers for brightly-colored core pops.
Many, including the recipe for a vanilla base, call for vanilla pudding, where vanilla Greek yogurt would do just as well.
On the bright side, many of these recipes may appeal to children, whereas most pop books that I have seen are geared more to adults.
There are flavors like "Cookie Dough", "That's a S'more", chocolate peanut butter, and peanut butter and jelly.
Most of the fruit recipes are gimmicky and contain too many ingredients.
The recipe for Lemonade pops contains orange juice, which is fine, but the addition of vanilla extract kills the fresh fruit flavor.
The recipe for mango pops includes orange, apple, banana and lemon, which are too many competing flavors.
Mango and orange together make a terrific pop.
The book is great for chocolate lovers and those looking for dessert pop recipes.
For fruit pop recipes, "Top Pops" by Emily Zaiden is far better.
This book is a must have if you get a Zoku (which I also highly recommend).
There is a large variety of recipes from simple, to fancy.
The flavor combos are creative, and it gives you ideas for decorating the pops too.
They turn out as beautiful as they are tasty.
After reading it you will be inspired to create your own recipes too.
I have really enjoyed reviewing all of the recipes.
Sure - some are more difficult than others, but there is a nice variety in this book.
For me it was totally worth it just to get the quick shell recipes alone.
We have only tried the chocolate so far, but it is so tasty.
Also, it has great instructions for tips on using the Zoku.
This book is so beautifully illustrated and easy to follow.
It helps you to understand the Zoku better.
It might have been even better if they made the recipe units for different sized molds.
These recipes produce too much for a single mold unit.
It would have been nice if they used a matrix for the ingredients like on a box of rice.
I am just math lazy and bought a single mold Zoku.
Dividing 3/4 of a cup, 3 tablespoons or 3 1/2 tablespoons is kind of dicey in my kitchen.
The Zoku accessories are pricey, but the recipes have the exact amount you need to make the pops.
I have made it through 15 varieties so far, and I like them all.
Clear and helpful information, and then some superb recipe suggestions clearly outlined.
The recipes in this books are tedious to make.
I found that easier and simpler recipes can be found online.
I had no problem with the recipes online working in the Zoku maker.
This beautifully illustrated book featuring ten colorful,glittery butterflies is a favorite at our house.
I got this as a gift for my niece and she loved it.
It's a super cute book and ill be getting it for any other nieces that may come along.
This is the story of a group of butterflies looking for a place to sleep.
The colors and the butterflies, and the cute story all were a hit.
A brilliant bedtime story with vibrant colors and gorgeous illustrations.
Each page teaches a different color and the illustrations boldly burst with that color.
, is how the book starts off and we are then led all around this color dreamland.
The butterflies in the book are popped out and sparkly.
As we turn each page the color butterfly we are reading about disappears.
Each page mentions the color twice and an animal.
The last page reunites all the butterflies and the colorful animals as we say goodnight...My daughter loved this book since she was 4 months old.
The colorful illustrations keep her interested and she likes to grab at the popped up butterflies.
A delightful story I enjoy reading again and again.
My daughter 1 year old really likes this book.
I bought it because of its similarity to the 10 little ladybugs book.
It has the same sort of colorful illustrations and I like it better as the ladybugs are not as pretty as the sparkly butterflies.
I would say it was one of her very favorites when she was young.
For a novice cake decorator who got talked into making her son's wedding cake, Wilton makes lovely cake decorating accessories to help with every step.
For a first wedding cake, it was amazing with Wilton's help!  This book is a must have for newbies like me.
I should not have bought it because it comes free from my cake decorating class.
Oh well, at least I gave the other copy to my sister.
i added an image of a cake i made according to this book lessons, which i advice anyone who is interested; to get this book.
excellent book, shipped on time, packaged nicely, helpful tips in the book, good price.
Very good experience, very happy with the product and vendor.
don't use it much but when i had it's been useful.
I recommend it to all who wants to learn how to decorate cakes.
Good book for beginners who need step by step instructions and guidance.
Got this for my girlfriend who runs a baking business and she said it was handy to have for a reference book.
She said it is handy to have when thinking of decorating ideas.
I'm hoping that I can learn how to make gum paste flowers to perfection for my daughters wedding, and maybe a few other cakes.
This 128 page book contains pictures and patterns for 38 tiered cakes.
It gives you instructions on how to assemble cakes on stands, pillars or stacked construction.
It also contains recipes for basic scratch cakes in white, yellow, chocolate, strawberry, and banana.
It also has the recipes for standard Wilton Icings, fillings, glazes, fondant (not the tasty marshmallow kind), color flow, gum paste, and candy clay.
There are tips for baking, leveling, torting, filling and icing the cakes.
It also gives some instruction on how to cover a cake with fondant.
There are suggestions for transporting tiered cakes, calculating servings per cake and cutting guides.
The book also includes patterns and instructions for various decorations.
As with all Wilton books, the last few pages detail products you can buy from them to duplicate all the designs in the book.
The problem is that some of these items don't seem to be available on their web site any more.
Still, it's a great idea book and I'm sure you can find acceptable substitutes for a lot of the items.
The first class is a demonstration by the instructor on how to put together a tiered cake.
The second class is where we bring in our own cakes and learn how to stack or pillar them.
It's a great way to top off the other four classes.
I am very happy I purchased this book as it containes so much great information and time saving tips.
This book isn't much help if you are not taking the wilton cake decorating classes.
you can get the basics but its really just a visual for the class!.
I have always wanted to learn how to decorate a beautiful cake, and I purchased this guidebook along with The Wilton Pastry bag kit.
I do, however, agree that this book did appear to be an advertisment for thier products, but the guide was helpful nonetheless.
This lesson plan is perfect for a beginner and definitely helped introduce working with fondant in a user-friendly way.
Each and every little hint that helps you to make your flowers appear real is in this book! You cannot go wrong with this book.
You will find yourself reading it over and over, makign flowers over and over.
You will see that your self-esteem will roar! People, co-workers, family members, friends will be dazzled and amazed -- and so will YOU.
It cannot be purchased from Wilton (which is a real crying shame).
I think Wilton is afraid that if they sell the book, they will miss out of selling classes, but not so.
Having bakes/cooked since the age of 9, I really didn't feel it was necessary but boy was I surprised.
I learned more in my first class than I had in years of teaching.
Wilton honestly needs to sell these lesson plans.
Not only will receive money from the classes, but they will also make money from the books.
Why would a company prefer their customers buy their books from someone else??? I've not figured that out.
Getting back to this lesson book...you will be extremely, extremely happy.
Your income will increase for making beautiful live-appearing flowers that you sell on your cakes.
Please try it...you cannot fail!!! Best book ever on making and decorating flowers!!.
This dvd is a must for any cake decorator.
It is presented in short and easy to understand segments.
It works great for the beginner or as a quick refresher.
The instructor did an outstanding job of both explaining and demostrating?.
I loved the book, very complete, detailed, clear instructions and easy to learn procedures.
It is a comprehensive guide, useful for success in the art of pastry.
This has certainly improved my cake decorating knowledge as a pure novice.
I will now purchase the other books so I can learn more.
Even this is the 2nd course, it is easy to follow.
I don't sell cakes but make them for friends and family.
This is only a hobby so I don't make cakes everyday.
I can pick this book up and follow the directions and get great results.
I recommend this book most highly with its inspiring and easy-to-follow instructions.
My local craft shop did not offer the fondant course when I wanted to take it so I decided to teach myself.
I followed the lessons in the book and my fondant cakes have improved greatly.
I would definitely recommend not only buying this book, but seeing how much you can teach yourself before spending the money on the class.
Shows several types of simple, easy to perform techniques.
I would recommend this item to anyone! Works great for baking! I would buy again.
I got this for my daughter in law.
Is shows how to use all the tools in the kit.
I bought this book to help me out with decorating cakes and cupcakes as a beginner.
I have found this book to be an excellent reference for the first time decorator.
I ended up buying two different tips that did not come with my cake decorating set, that I have found very useful.
I bought the cake curved spatulas, from Amazon,that work very well.
I also bought the bench knife, and found a 16" cake lifter, and a 18" cake leveler.
I got all these great ideas from this book.
I bought other things in the book from Amazon, however, the list goes on too long to keep mentioning everything.
My youngest daughter requested this as a gift.
She was very happy with it and I may buy another one for my middle daughter.
I saw this book at Target and flipped through it.
Cake decorating has always been a hoby for me.
This book is excellent for us self taught decorators.
It is a basic book for beginners and it is easy to understand.
It has a lot of ideas and I recommend it.
The Book is very easy to read and follow it breaks down working with fondant and Gum Paste very Simple.
I loved all the information I found in this book, very good ideas and pictures I recommend it to new beginners.
I am thoroughly enjoying being able to learn at my own pace.
Also, not ordering next book until I finish each book.
Very motivating and thoroughly entertaining to all who are subjected to guessing what I actually made.
I love Wilton books they are always so attractive and enjoyable to browse through.
Still I have learned so much about cake decorating from them.
GREAT FOR BEGINING!! has all the things you need there are very few things i dont use from this kit !! would recommend!.
This is more of a packing review than a review of product.
The book does what it's intended to do.
It came in 24 hours so I was grateful for that.
This book is great for beginner fondant makers.
I was able to follow the instructions and tips and they helped a lot.
i learned how to make butter cream roses out of this book, very nice step by step instructions, easy to follow.
This book is amazing! I love how Wilton publishes books for every stage of baking! This book is a must have for beginers!.
I was a little disappointed in this book when I first got it.
There is a helpful section called "The Perfect Cupcakes; How to bake, ice and decorate", and there are about six pages of recipes.
Just don't expect anything sophisticated looking in it OR that many silly-feet ideas.
Maybe this one was an earlier print, but my classmates and instructor's course booklets were a few pages different.No biggie though.
This lesson plan is a great companion to the Wilton decorating classes.
I would consider myself an intermediate level decorator, and very good at self-study on many topics.
This book was recommended by my cake decorating instructor.
If you want to get started on cake decorating this is the book for you!.
I have never been a good cake decorator.
It has always been just out of reach.
This book made me say &#34;duh&#34; in my head so many times it's embarrassing.
It really breaks it down and simplifies some of the basic techniques for noobies (like myself).
Lots of interesting and helpful information for a beginner.
My daughter loves to bake and this will give her a opportunity to create much more.
Easy to follow even for a clutz like me! Very informative and the instructions are straight forward.
Im new to cake decorating so I have really enjoyed this book.
There is step by step instructions for different designs and ideas and lots of hints and tricks for working with fondant and gumpaste.
Bought this book when I was hyped up and excited about baking and decorating cakes.
Although the designs are very outdated, it is very informative and I enjoy taking it out to view on occasion.
She said it has good instructions and pictures and was helpful.
I recently purchased Colette's Cakes which is also wonderful, but so much of it is advanced, and I'm just not there.
This book sticks to basics which, for me, is essential to focus.
If I see to much detail I tend to become frustrated and over anxious.
The paper is a bit thin and will need some support or will probably not hold up very well.
Nothing a little clear contact paper can't cure though, so no big deal.
I've always loved cake decorating, ever since I took my first Wilton class.
Gum Paste and Fondant seemed beyond my capabilities but when I saw this book I decided to give it a try.
The book is very easy to follow with lots of step by step pictures.
It's a lot of fun but, I admit, a bit frustrating.
No matter how closely I follow the steps, my creations never turn out exactly like the pictures.
I think part of the problem is that I'm a perfectionist at heart but....grrrr.....I can't fault the book, as all Wilton Lesson Plans, it's great.
THIS WAS EYE CATCHING AND WHEN I ORDERED IT I KNEW I HAD TO HAVE IT.
I learned a few tricks from this book.
I am new to baking nice looking stuff.
This helped me become a better decorator and got courses 2,3 and 4 as well.
Took class years ago, using this as a refresher before starting a cake.
Sometimes a video is faster than a book.
What a great book to help you get started on learning to decorate cakes.
I am trying my best to get into FONDANT and THIS book has motivated me to try harder and harder.
This short-but-sweet (ha) book gives all the basic information you need to get started with cake decorating.
It shows how to make a number of shapes with the icing, an icing recipe, and has lots of helpful illustrations.
If you can learn from just looking at a page on a book with a few written details, it will teach you without expensive classes.
But if you are using in addition to the class, all good too.
Keep it handy to look back at once in a while as a resource.
The book is full of color pictures so very well illustrated and the directions are clear and easy to follow.
I also bought the class kit to go with it and it works great.
would recommend for people wanting to learn how to do this on their own at home without a class.
I needed this for my third Wilton's class, and it was cheaper on Amazon.com than in the store.
It's part of the curriculum, so it's required.
Whether it is good for skill development or not, I take my classes very seriously, and get alot out of them.
I also believe in checking prices everywhere for the class supplies.
Amazon was cheapest, and I received it in 2 days, free shipping, Amazon prime.
I really like all the helpful information in this book.
It even has a recipe to make your own buttercream icing.
I'm glad I purchased this item on amazon.com.
This is a small simple book but tons of basic information on baking.
I really loved the graphs regarding the piping tips - I have so many of them but never knew what exactly do they do.
So that was really nice to figure out everything on the chart with the pipe tip number!.
I do have some background in cake design, but this really helped me take it all to the next level.
I still need lots of practice with flowers so this is perfect for me.
I would have liked a few more tips and a bit more direction, but on the whole it was worth the money.
I use to cake decorate as a kid in 4H, this book was a great refresher.
Helps me make gorgeous cupcakes for friends and family.
This book shows you how to decorate different items.
